feel suspense suspense the grips your
heart in a race feel fear numbing
paralyzing fear Cape Fear starring
Gregory Peck Robert Mitchum Polly Bergen
Cape Fear the screens most terrifying
war of nerves I've seen the worst the
dregs but you you are the lowest you
just put the law in my hands and I'm
gonna break your heart with it they're
never gone for you never
tell the operator to call the Sheriff's
Office
send some men out here fast Cape feare
the nightmare that becomes a shocking
reality
oh wow
if you touch me after prison for life
you wanna make a little bit on that but
you will I'm not like Nancy I'm not
afraid to testify I swear oh you've
gotta believe
you